My name is Kyungmin. I am gonna introduce my thesis, Lumiè. Lumiè is an stylist app for both stylists and clients can use to get connected. Lumiè comes from a french word that means light or enlightment, and empower. I like its positive connotations and thought it resonates with the idea of the app that benefits both stylists and clients. The reason I decided to create this app is my frustration with other existing stylists app and I also have always wanted to have a personal stylist. There is a well known stylist app called stitch fix and from my experience, It is almost unfunctional to use it because it took an hour to get to talk to a random stylist who ended up sending me all those wrong items. So I thought it would be nice and amusing that an app give me an style based on my current mood and feeling through much more simplified process. Mood definitely affects the taste of my style and outfits. Also Mood and color is directly related. I wanted to merge those two factors mood and color as a parameter to connect stylists and clients 

here are three words I want this app to achieve. here is an inspiration quote related to style by my favorite designer rick owens. 


And I was trying to figure out what would be the interesting way to connect them and I was creating this moodboard, I thought letting clients create their own moodboard relevant to their mood would be an amusing process before a client get to talk to a stylist. 
So here is a moodboard that posted by a client. Clients are encouraged to upload photos that resonates with their mood. The interface is inspired from pure moodboard that usually desiners conduct to get inspirations. 
Once clients tap the "explore button" and the app picks two colors from each photos randomly. The initial idea for this color picking interface was that color bar was coming from each photo but i thought it is not visually amusing and I chose circles because its visually more eye catching. And clients tap circles that have colors that they want to see their styles or outfits on. 
Once client submit it, client is led to the page that shows editorials aka stylist portpofolio. I want this page to look like e-commerce editorial page. stylists can see the color ways of items that belong to the editorial. here, they can drag it to the left and see what items in the editorial. if a client tap this page to view what is in the editorial and they can start a chat with the stylist. 

Here is the video showing click through of how its done. 

Thank you. 
